A business process hierarchy is a means to document the processes of a client.
This is done during the discover and envision phase of an SAP
implementation project where the client's processes
are documented to support solution confirmation
gen wizard can complete up to six levels of the hierarchy.
When provided an input that contains fewer levels.
Practically,
this represents a case when only a high level detail of a client's hierarchy is known
and detailed discussions are needed to complete the hierarchy.
The gen wizard solution can now put a customized hierarchy
that can be further validated and optimized during workshops.
All right,
let's go through the steps of generating a business process hierarchy together.
Firstly, log in to Gen wizard and click on the get started button.
Make sure your workspace and projects set up are done.
Then click on the project you've created or create a new one.
Next on the left pane select the generate business process hierarchy
option under discover and envision in the total enterprise reinvention section.
Navigate to the client details tab and fill in all the required
details that will be used to customize the hierarchy and then click submit
in the chatbot text area. Click on the send button against the prefilled prompt.
Please generate client hierarchy.
Select the method upload client hierarchy.
Click on the upload client hierarchy link in the response on the chat window,
upload a file from your local system via the pop up
box that appears next and click on the button generate hierarchy.
After the business process hierarchy is successfully generated.
Click on the most recent item on the list
pop up that appears review the generated hierarchy and select
the check boxes for the nodes that are satisfactory.
Click the button create business process hierarchy.
Observe the notification bar for completeness and once complete the status
of the item on the list will turn to published.
Click the download button on the actions column in
the list to download a local copy of the hierarchy
experience the productivity gains to be had
by utilizing gen wizard capability to perform
a task in minutes that would have taken both skill and effort to perform.
Try it out.